#230 AdnTurbo Tool UI 1.7 (#240)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/scripts/turbo.md

    logging.warning(warn)
</code></pre>

> Note that the whole turbo process can be undone.

Reviewer: I would add this to the `[!NOTE]` section. And maybe, should we also use "AdnTurbo" in more places in the script/turbo.md?

```suggestion
Note that the whole AdnTurbo can be undone.
```

Author: I agree, I replaced "turbo script" with "AdnTurbo script" in the turbo.md page.
